docs/source/easier68k.core.opcodes.rst, before:

easier68k.core.opcodes package
==============================

Submodules
----------

easier68k.core.opcodes.add module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.add
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.adda module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.adda
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.cmp module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.cmp
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.cmpi module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.cmpi
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.dc module
--------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.dc
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.eor module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.eor
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.jsr module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.jsr
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.lea module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.lea
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.move module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.move
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.movea module
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.movea
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.neg module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.neg
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode module
------------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode\_or module
----------------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode_or
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.ori module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.ori
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.rts module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.rts
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.simhalt module
-------------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.simhalt
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.sub module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.sub
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.subq module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.subq
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.trap module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.trap
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:


Module contents
---------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

Improve the proof-of-concept documentation (#134)
improves the proof of concept documentation by adding useful information to the index page

docs/source/easier68k.core.opcodes.rst, after:

easier68k.core.opcodes package
==============================

This page lists all of the opcodes that have been implemented in
Easier68k.

Submodules
----------

easier68k.core.opcodes.add module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.add
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.adda module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.adda
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.cmp module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.cmp
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.cmpi module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.cmpi
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.dc module
--------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.dc
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.eor module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.eor
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.jsr module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.jsr
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.lea module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.lea
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.move module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.move
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.movea module
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.movea
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.neg module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.neg
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode module
------------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode\_or module
----------------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.opcode_or
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.ori module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.ori
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.rts module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.rts
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.simhalt module
-------------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.simhalt
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.sub module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.sub
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.subq module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.subq
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

easier68k.core.opcodes.trap module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: easier68k.core.opcodes.trap
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:
